Adding search analyzer mapping parameters docs (#9576)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/search-analyzers.md

In most cases, specifying a search analyzer that is different from the index analyzer is not necessary and could negatively impact search result relevance or lead to unexpected search results.
{: .warning}

## Specifying a search analyzer at query time

> You can override the default analyzer behavior by explicitly setting the analyzer in the query. The following query uses the `english` analyzer to stem the input terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the default analyzer behavior by explicitly setting the analyzer in the query. The following query uses the `english` analyzer to stem the input terms:
```

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> ## Specifying a search analyzer in mappings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Specifying a search analyzer in the mappings
```

```json
PUT /articles
{
  "settings": {
    "analysis": {
      "analyzer": {
        "edge_ngram_analyzer": {
          "tokenizer": "edge_ngram_tokenizer",
          "filter": ["lowercase"]
        }
      },
      "tokenizer": {
        "edge_ngram_tokenizer": {
          "type": "edge_ngram",
          "min_gram": 2,
          "max_gram": 10,
          "token_chars": ["letter", "digit"]
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "title": {
        "type": "text",
        "analyzer": "edge_ngram_analyzer",
        "search_analyzer": "standard"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The `edge_ngram_analyzer` is applied at index time, breaking input strings into partial prefixes (n-grams), which allows the index to store fragments like "se", "sea", "sear" and so on. 
Use the following request to index a document:

```json
PUT /articles/_doc/1
{
  "title": "Search Analyzer in Action"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Use the following request to search for partial word `sear` in the `title` field:

```json
POST /articles/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "title": "sear"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The response demonstrates that despite the query containing only partial word "sear", it matches the document "Search Analyzer in Action" because the n-gram tokens generated at index time include that prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response demonstrates that the query containing "sear" matches the document "Search Analyzer in Action" because the n-gram tokens generated at index time include that prefix.
```

> This mirrors the [autocomplete functionality]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/searching-data/autocomplete/), where typing a prefix can retrieve full matches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mirrors the [autocomplete functionality]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/searching-data/autocomplete/), in which typing a prefix can retrieve full matches:
```

Reviewer: Please move line 132 to 131 so it's a 2-sentence line.

Author: @kolchfa-aws thats updated now

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Example: Using edge n-gram analyzer for indexing and standard analyzer for search

> The following configuration useful for implementing autocomplete-like behavior:

Reviewer: Could you link to autocomplete? https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/searching-data/autocomplete/

Reviewer: Could you also describe this request in a bit more detail so the user sees how it mimics autocomplete?

```json
PUT /articles
{
  "settings": {
    "analysis": {
      "analyzer": {
        "edge_ngram_analyzer": {
          "tokenizer": "edge_ngram_tokenizer",
          "filter": ["lowercase"]
        }
      },
      "tokenizer": {
        "edge_ngram_tokenizer": {
          "type": "edge_ngram",
          "min_gram": 2,
          "max_gram": 10,
          "token_chars": ["letter", "digit"]
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "mappings": {
    "properties": {
      "title": {
        "type": "text",
        "analyzer": "edge_ngram_analyzer",
        "search_analyzer": "standard"
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Use the following request to index a document:

```json
PUT /articles/_doc/1
{
  "title": "Search Analyzer in Action"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Use the following request to perform a search using `title` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following request to search for `sear` in the `title` field:
```

```json
POST /articles/_search
{
  "query": {
    "match": {
      "title": "sear"
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> The response demonstrates that despite different analysis strategies, the indexed n-gram terms were sufficient to match the search token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response demonstrates that despite different analysis strategies, the indexed n-gram terms were sufficient to match the search token:
```

```json
{
  ...
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 1,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": 0.2876821,
    "hits": [
      {
        "_index": "articles",
        "_id": "1",
        "_score": 0.2876821,
        "_source": {
          "title": "Search Analyzer in Action"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Setting a default search analyzer for an index

> Use `analysis.analyzer.default_search` to define a search analyzer for all fields unless overridden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify `analysis.analyzer.default_search` to define a search analyzer for all fields unless overridden:
```
